calculateIrradiance/Cloudformation README.md, before:

The AWS Resource Stacks can be deployed using cloudformation through the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/deploy/index.html)

## Serverless Resources (main template)
The template.yaml file is a sam serverless template file and can be deployed using the same cli or toolkit plugin for
 your IDE.
 
Deployment command: 
```
sam package -t template.yaml --output-template-file "template-packaged.yaml" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --config-file "samconfig.toml" --config-env "default"
sam deploy -t template-packaged.yaml --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --config-file "samconfig.toml" --config-env "default"
```

## Cognito User Pool
The Cognito User Pool is a separate stack to be built apart from the others.
```
sam deploy -t CognitoUserPoolStack.yaml --stack-name "UserPool-Dev" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM --region us-east-2 --confirm-changeset True --parameter-overrides "SignInDomain=pv-degradation-pool-dev"
```

## CloudFormation Macro
This template only has to be deployed once to enable the macro in the us-east-2 region. The macro is used to generate a random id in template.yaml.
```
sam deploy -t CloudFormationMacros.yaml --stack-name "Macros" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM --region us-east-2 --confirm-changeset True
```

Commit message:

Changed around and made more robust the random id transform in the app sync stack. Fixed an issue where the IAM roles for dynamo access in the main template.yaml were pointing to the wrong dynamo table. Moved the specific dynamo table used in the function code out to an environment variable for the calculate irradiance function.

calculateIrradiance/Cloudformation README.md, after:

The AWS Resource Stacks can be deployed using cloudformation through the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/cloudformation/deploy/index.html) or the SAM CLI. The SAM commands for each stack are given below.

## Serverless Resources (main template)
The template.yaml file is a sam serverless template file and can be deployed using the same cli or toolkit plugin for
 your IDE.
 
Deployment command: 
```
sam package -t template.yaml --output-template-file "template-packaged.yaml" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --config-file "samconfig.toml" --config-env "default"
sam deploy -t template-packaged.yaml --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --config-file "samconfig.toml" --config-env "default"
```

## Cognito User Pool
The Cognito User Pool is a separate stack to be built apart from the others.
```
sam deploy -t CognitoUserPoolStack.yaml --stack-name "UserPool-Dev" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM --region us-east-2 --confirm-changeset True --parameter-overrides "SignInDomain=pv-degradation-pool-dev"
```

## CloudFormation Macro
This template only has to be deployed once to enable the macro in the us-east-2 region. The macro is used to generate a random id in template.yaml.
```
sam deploy -t CloudFormationMacros.yaml --stack-name "Macros" --s3-bucket "stardust-cloudformation-templates" --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM --region us-east-2 --confirm-changeset True
```
